3c3,4
< 
---
> ti  - cocktails of probiotics pre-adapted to multiple stress factors are more robust under simulated gastrointestinal conditions than their parental counterparts and exhibit enhanced antagonistic capabilities against escherichia coli and staphylococcus aureus.
> ab  - background: the success of the probiotics in delivery of health benefits depends  on their ability to withstand the technological and gastrointestinal conditions; hence development of robust cultures is critical to the probiotic industry. combinations of probiotic cultures have proven to be more effective than the use of single cultures for treatment and prevention of heterogeneous diseases. we investigated the effect of pre- adaptation of probiotics to multiple stresses on their stability under simulated gastrointestinal conditions and the effect of their singular as well as their synergistic antagonistic effect against selected enteric pathogens. methods: probiotic cultures were inoculated into mrs broth adjusted to ph 2 and incubated for 2 h at 37 degrees c. survivors of ph 2 were subcultured into 2% bile acid for 1 h at 37 degrees c. cells that showed growth after exposure to 2% bile acid for 1 h were finally inoculated in fresh mrs broth and incubated at 55 degrees c for 2 h. the cells surviving were then used as stress adapted cultures. the adapted cultures were exposed to simulated gastrointestinal conditions and their non- adapted counterparts were used to compare the effects of stress adaptation. the combination cultures were tested for their antipathogenic effects on escherichia coli and staphylococcus aureus. results: acid and bile tolerances of most of the stress-adapted cells were higher than of the non-adapted cells. viable counts of all the stress-adapted lactobacilli and bifidobacterium longum lmg 13197 were higher after sequential exposure to simulated gastric and intestinal fluids. however, for b. longum bb46 and b. bifidum lmg 13197, viability of non-adapted cells was higher than for adapted cells after exposure to these fluids. a cocktail containing l. plantarum + b. longum bb46 + b. longum lmg 13197 best inhibited s. aureus while e. coli was best inhibited by a combination containing l. acidophilus la14 150b + b. longum bb46 + b. bifidum lmg 11041. a cocktail containing the six non- adapted cultures was the least effective in inhibiting the pathogens. conclusion: multi-stress pre-adaptation enhances viability of probiotics under simulated gastrointestinal conditions; and formulations containing a mixture of multi stress-adapted cells exhibits enhanced synergistic effects against foodborne pathogens.
9a11,14
> ti  - comparative in vitro inhibition of urinary tract pathogens by single- and multi-strain probiotics.
> ab  - purpose: multi-species probiotic preparations have been suggested as having a wide spectrum of application, although few studies have compared their efficacy with that of individual component strains at equal concentrations. we therefore tested the ability of 4 single probiotics and 4 probiotic mixtures to inhibit the urinary tract pathogens escherichia coli nctc 9001 and enterococcus faecalis nctc 00775. methods: we used an agar spot test to test the ability of viable cells to inhibit pathogens, while a broth inhibition assay was used to assess inhibition by cell-free probiotic supernatants in both ph-neutralised and non-neutralised forms. results: in the agar spot test, all probiotic treatments showed inhibition, l. acidophilus was the most inhibitory single strain against e. faecalis, l. fermentum the most inhibitory against e. coli. a commercially available mixture of 14 strains (bio-kult((r))) was the most effective mixture, against e. faecalis, the 3-lactobacillus mixture the most inhibitory against e. coli. mixtures were not significantly more inhibitory than single strains. in the broth inhibition assays, all probiotic supernatants inhibited both pathogens when ph was not controlled, with only 2 treatments causing inhibition at a neutral ph. conclusions: both viable cells of probiotics and supernatants of probiotic cultures were able to inhibit growth of two urinary tract pathogens. probiotic mixtures prevented the growth of urinary tract pathogens but were not significantly more inhibitory than single strains. probiotics appear to produce metabolites that are inhibitory towards urinary tract pathogens. probiotics display potential to reduce the incidence of urinary tract infections via inhibition of colonisation.
> ti  - astragalus root and elderberry fruit extracts enhance the ifn-beta stimulatory effects of lactobacillus acidophilus in murine-derived dendritic cells.
> ab  - many foods and food components boost the immune system, but little data are available regarding the mechanisms by which they do. bacterial strains have disparate effects in stimulating the immune system. in dendritic cells, the gram-negative bacteria escherichia coli upregulates proinflammatory cytokines, whereas gram-positive lactobacillus acidophilus induces a robust interferon (ifn)-beta response. the immune-modulating effects of astragalus root and elderberry fruit extracts were examined in bone marrow-derived murine dendritic cells that were stimulated with l. acidophilus or e. coli. ifn-beta and other cytokines were measured by elisa and rt-pcr. endocytosis of fluorescence-labeled dextran and l. acidophilus in the presence of elderberry fruit or astragalus root extract was evaluated in dendritic cells. our results show that both extracts enhanced l. acidophilus-induced ifn-beta production and slightly decreased the proinflammatory response to e. coli. the enhanced ifn-beta production was associated with upregulation of toll-like receptor 3 and to a varying degree, the cytokines il-12, il-6, il-1beta and tnf-alpha. both extracts increased endocytosis in immature dendritic cells, and only slightly influenced the viability of the cells. in conclusion, astragalus root and elderberry fruit extracts increase the ifn-beta inducing activity of l. acidophilus in dendritic cells, suggesting that they may exert antiviral and immune-enhancing activity.
29a35,36
> ti  - the s-layer proteins of lactobacillus crispatus strain zj001 is responsible for competitive exclusion against escherichia coli o157:h7 and salmonella typhimurium.
> ab  - lactobacillus crispatus zj001, isolated from pig intestines and identified by sequencing analysis based on partial 16s rrna gene, was examined in vitro for probiotic activity exerted by the surface layer proteins (s-layer). the characteristics of l. crispatus zj001 were compared to lactobacillus acidophilus atcc 4356 from the same genus which also produces the s-layer proteins. the strain zj001 was resistant to acidic condition and bile salt. its antagonistic properties such as adhesion, inhibition of the pathogen growth and competitive exclusion against escherichia coli o157:h7 and salmonella typhimurium were apparently advantageous over l. acidophilus atcc 4356. sds-page analysis of cell surface proteins revealed the presence of s-layer proteins, approximately at 42 kda in l. crispatus zj001. removal of the s-layer proteins reduced autoaggregation and adhesion to hela cells. the functional role of the s-layer proteins in adhesion was also confirmed by the antibody-mediated inhibition assay using the polyclonal antibody against the s-layer protein. the s-layer proteins from l. crispatus zj001 inhibited adhesion of s. typhimurium and e. coli o157:h7 to hela cells. these results suggest that l. crispatus zj001 possesses probiotic properties and the s-layer proteins are involved in the adhesion and competitive exclusion of pathogens to hela cells.
35a43,44
> ti  - lactobacillus acidophilus expressing recombinant k99 adhesive fimbriae has an inhibitory effect on adhesion of enterotoxigenic escherichia coli.
> ab  - the most common enteric colibacillosis in neonatal and newborns is caused by enterotoxigenic escherichia coli(etec). colonization of etec in the small intestine is associated with adhesions using fimbriae, which is known as a specific adhesion factor and provides highly specific means for anchoring and prerequisite for an infectious agent. in the present study we have engineered lactobacillus acidophilus to produce recombinant k99 fimbriae, which is used for the colonization to the intestine of pigs. the expression of k99 fimbrial protein was confirmed using sds-page, immunoblot and agglutination analyses. to evaluate a function of the k99 fimbrial protein, inhibition and competition tests were performed on pre-screened intestinal brush border from pigs. the tests showed that recombinant l. acidophilus, not control l. acidophilus, had a significant inhibitory effect to and competition against k99+ e. coli in a dose dependent manner. in conclusion, we demonstrated that recombinant k99 fimbriae producing l. acidophilus was able to prevent e. coli binding to intestinal brush border.
41a51,52
> ti  - testing two lactobacillus plantarum and lactobacillus acidophilus strains for their suitability as a lipoid probiotic.
> ab  - two strains of lactobacilli (lactobacillus acidophilus t-135 and lactobacillus plantarum 4/97) were selected in order to study their inhibitory properties against frequent udder pathogens (escherichia coli, staphylococcus aureus, streptococcus agalactiae, streptococcus uberis, salmonella enteritidis and bacillus pumilus), their production of organic acids as well as their ability to survive on the teat skin, the teat duct mucosa and in a lipoid emulsion. both strains inhibited the tested pathogenic microbes and survived on the investigated surfaces and in an emulsion for more than 6 hours and 11 days, respectively.
53a65,66
> ti  - [the primary screening of bifidobacteria and lactobacilli strains to develop effective probiotic preparations based on them].
> ab  - 10 bifidobacterium strains and 10 lactobacillus strains were studied for their antagonistic activity with respect to escherichia coli, klebsiella ozaenae, staphylococcus aureus, enterococcus faecalis, pseudomonas aeruginosa and for their sensitivity to antibiotics, widely used in clinical practice. l. acidophilus strain 5/4, l. acidophilus strain 18/4, b. adolescentis strain ux, b. longum strain 44 exhibited the highest antagonistic activity and the highest degree of antibiotic resistance. the restriction analysis of the chromosomal dna of these strains was then made and their plasmid content was studied, making it possible to recognize these strains in future in the course of in vivo experiments.
55a69,70
> ti  - effects of intestinal bacteria on the development of colonic neoplasm ii. changes in the immunological environment.
> ab  - to study the effects of intestinal bacteria on the development of colonic neoplasm, we have established gnotobiotic mice with a single species of intestinal bacteria. in the previous study, the incidence of colonic adenoma induced with 1,2-dimethylhydrazine (dmh) in the gnotobiotic mice with lactobacillus acidophilus, gnotobiotic mice with escherichia coli and germ-free mice were 30, 50 and 74%, respectively. in this study, 7-week-old mice in each group were sacrificed without the administration of dmh to examine the constituents of immuno-competent cells in various mouse organs using flow cytometry. in the gnotobiotic mice, cd3 intermediate interleukin (il)-2rbeta positive cells were observed predominantly in the liver. in the gnotobiotic mice with l. acidophilus, mac-1 positive gr-1 positive cells were observed predominantly in the colonic lamina propria. the activation of extrathymic t cells in the liver and granulocytes in the colonic mucosa may be related to anti-neoplastic effects of l. acidophilus in this experimental model.
57a73,74
> ti  - antagonistic activity of lactobacillus acidophilus fermented milk against different pathogenic bacteria.
> ab  - lactobacillus acidophilus strains tested showed inhibitory activity towards salmonella typhi, staphylococcus aureus, escherichia coli, proteus vulgaris and yersinia enterocolitica. however, wide variations in the activity of the strains were observed. antagonistic activity of the strains exhibited high heat stability (120 min at 92 degrees c, 15 min at 121 degrees c) but it was markedly influenced by changes in ph. effect of kind of milk on antagonistic activity was variable, whereas skimming had no significant effect.
65a83,84
> ti  - detection of a lactobacillus substance that inhibits escherichia coli.
> ab  - recent studies have shown that certain lactobacilli strains have the ability to interfere with the adherence and growth of uropathogenic bacteria. this interaction is believed to be important in the maintenance of a normal urogenital flora and in the prevention of infection in females. in the present study, lactobacillus casei ssp. rhamnosus gr-1 and lactobacillus acidophilus 76 were found to exert an inhibitory effect on pyelonephritogenic mutant escherichia coli hu 734 and e. coli atcc 25922. the bioactivity of the inhibitor produced by strain gr-1 was retained under ph buffered conditions and was bactericidal. the bioactive substance was heat labile, not precipitated by up to 80% ammonium sulphate, and extractable in chloroform. the data indicated that the inhibitor is not lactic acid or hydrogen peroxide and has a molecular weight greater than 12,000-14,000. human urine supported production of the inhibitor and reduced and delayed outgrowth of the e. coli. the ability of l. casei gr-1 and possibly other lactobacilli strains to produce inhibitors of uropathogenic bacteria may have clinical importance and significance in the microbial ecology of the urogenital tract.
